# Outline for 'How to use Talkative Chef' page

The first step is to find a recipe you are ready to make. Use our handy search
tool to find a recipe that sounds great to you! Once you enter what you are
looking for, we provide you with a list of top recipes relevant to your search.
Once you've found the recipe you want to make, we recommend you start by looking
over the ingredients list and getting out everything you will need. That way you
won't be searching your kitchen for ingredients once you've dug in! Now that you
are ready to start, click on the "Start Cooking!" button to start the Talkative
Chef interactive talk experience.

Talkative Chef will give you the first set of instructions. For example, "Cream
together the butter and sugar. You need 1 pound of butter and 3/4 cup sugar."

If you didn't quite catch that (or you just forget!), you can ask Talkative Chef
for more information: For example, you can ask "Chef, how much butter did I need
?", "Chef, can you repeat that?", or "Chef, can you repeat the step with the
butter?" Talkative Chef will give you those instructions without you having to
touch your device (we all get messy hands when cooking!), allowing you to focus
on the delicious food in front of you.

When you are ready to move to the next step, just let Talkative Chef know. For
example, say "Chef, what's the next step?" or "Chef, what do I do next?"

You can go back and forth with Talkative Chef as you move through your recipe as
much as you want. For example, if you are on the third step and want to know
what you did in the first step for some reason, you can ask Chef something like
"Chef, what was the first step again?" or "Chef, what was the step with the
butter?"

Once you are ready to go back to where you are, just ask to go back! "Chef, go
to the last step I was on", or "Chef, go to the most recent step I was on".

When you are done, Talkative Chef will let you know (e.g., "You are all done,
enjoy!"). If you can, please rate the recipe after you have had a chance to try
it. This feedback is really helpful for other users like you!